hello bonjour
computer ordinateur
friend ami
city ville
love amour
book livre
house maison
car voiture
school école
the le
the les
the la
and et
was fut
was etait
for pour
that que
that cela
with avec
talk parler
talk parle
talk talk
talk parlez
which lesquels
which laquelle
one un
new nouveau
two deux
only uniquement
national nationale
city ville
under sous
december decembre
part partie
november novembre
players joueurs
list liste
list listes
please veuillez
please please
please svp
following suivantes
following suivant
february fevrier
second seconde
name nommer
history histoire
history historique
season saison
season saisons
comments commentaires
comments remarques
against contre
area domaine
british britanniques
british britannique
international internationale
house maison
public publiques
public public
public publique
good bons
good bien
good bonne
good bon
good bonnes
much beaucoup
notable remarquable
notable remarquables
home domicile
home accueil
women femmes
seed graine
seed semences
seed graines
seed semence
member membres
member membre
order commander
old ancienne
order ordre
text texte
band groupe
band orchestre
band bande
point point
local locale
local local
local locales
local locaux
around autour
around alentour
river fleuve
top top
top haut
main principal
main principales
main main
main principale
main principaux
language langue
language langage
language langues
french francais
https https
original originaux
original originale
military militaire
military militaires
great grande
park parc
official fonctionnaire
official officielles
official officiels
official officielle
official officiel
case affaire
london londres
times fois
although quoique
small petit
small petits
small petites
small petite
third troisieme
third tiers
art artistique
player joueurs
player joueur
player lecteur
community communaute
community communautaire
death mort
built construite
built construit
built construits
men hommes
men homme
large grands
large grande
large grandes
large gran
white blanche
white blancs
white blanches
white blanc
central centrale
road routier
road route
road chemin
five cinq
children enfants
children enfant
free gratuit
free gratuits
free gratuitement
free libre
took pris
took prit
england angleterre
include incluent
include inclure
include comprennent
california californienne
man homme
version version
written ecrit
black noire
black noires
black noir
black noirs
php php
report signaler
report reportage
report rapport
building batiment
building immeuble
division circonscription
comment commentaire
comment commente
comment commenter
having ayant
having avoir
king roi
died mort
ship navire
ship vaisseau
female femelle
female femelles
research recherches
research recherche
record enregistre
record record
record enregistrer
archive archivage
archive archiver
places endroits
places lieux
undo annuler
cup gobelet
cup cup
cup tasse
cup coupe
records enregistrements
often souvent
few peu
know connaitre
water eaux
water eau
red rouges
red roux
red rouge
help aidez
help aider
help aide
among parmis
open ouvrez
open ouvert
open ouverture
open ouvrir
reason raisons
reason raison
america amerique
science scientifique
railway ferroviaire
become devenez
become deviennent
become deviens
become devenir
important importante
important importantes
northern septentrionale
northern nordique
northern septentrional
northern northern
northern nord
love aime
love amour
love aimer
love love
run courir
canadian canadiens
canadian canadienne
canadian canadien
editor editeur
came vint
schools Ã©cole
schools ecoles
schools Ã©coles
social sociale
social sociaux
social social
germany allemagne
already deja
buildings immeubles
review examen
together ensemble
board planche
low basses
low basse
low faible
low faibles
low bas
big gros
big grosse
big grande
big big
big grand
italian italiennes
italian italienne
body organisme
body carrosserie
body organe
body corps
match allumette
match match
roman romain
roman romaine
roman roman
roman romaines
roman romains
playing jouer
playing jouant
health sante
forces forces
green verte
green vert
green vertes
rights droits
evidence preuve
evidence preuves
originally initialement
aircraft avion
aircraft avions
bar barreau
bar bar
bar barre
wife epouse
wife femme
centre centre
significant significatif
significant significatifs
african africains
african africain
african africaine
african africaines
size taille
size pointure
size tailles
add ajout
add ajouter
add ajoute
add ajoutez
peter pierre
performance rendement
artist artiste
artist artistes
word mot
blue bleu
blue bleus
blue bleue
blue bleues
primary primaire
primary primaires
catholic catholique
catholic catholiques
artists artistes
view afficher
view vue
view voir
view affichage
view visualiser
provide fournir
provide fournissent
technology technologique
technology technologies
technology technologie
olympics olympiades
olympics olympiques
future future
future futures
future futur
future futurs
future avenir
census recensements
census recensement
front avant
front devant
cover couvercle
cover couverture
cover couvrir
cover housse
model modele
read lisez
read lire
read lis
strong forte
strong forts
strong strong
strong fort
footballers footballeurs
mark marquer
mark marque
richard richard
html html
virginia virginie
virginia virginia
car voitures
car voiture
attack attaquez
attack attaque
attack attentat
attack attack
attack attaquer
outside dehors
outside exterieur
characters personnages
musical musicale
musical musical
nothing rien
border border
border bordure
writing ecrire
provided fournies
provided fourni
provided fournie
provided fournis
search chercher
search rechercher
search recherche
search recherches
search recherchez
features fonctions
navy marine
guitar guitare
guitar guitares
hill hill
hill colline
historical historique
historical historiques
lower abaisser
reading lire
yet pourtant
movement mouvements
movement movement
movement mouvement
actor acteur
natural naturel
natural naturelles
natural naturels
natural naturelle
clear limpide
clear clair
clear effacer
chicago chicago
championships championnats
pennsylvania pennsylvanie
ten rte
ten dix
ten ten
individual individuelle
individual individuels
individual individuel
lists listes
paris paris
etc etc
brown marron
brown bruns
brown brun
brown brunes
brown brune
hand main
hand hand
needs besoins
reliable fiable
reliable fiables
smith smith
smith forgeron
sometimes quelquefois
sometimes parfois
florida floride
capital majuscule
capital capitaux
capital capitale
capital capital
valley valley
valley vallÃ©e
bank banques
bank banque
ground moulu
reached atteints
reached atteint
italy italie
believe croyez
believe croire
believe croient
believe crois
leader meneur
leader leader
active active
active actif
active actives
active actifs
online online
block bloquer
block block
block bloc
block blocage
bridge bridge
bridge pont
bridge passerelle
families familles
changes modifications
changes changements
followed suivis
followed suivit
followed suivie
followed suivies
industry industrie
collection ramassage
collection recouvrement
collection recueil
collection collection
collection collecte
request demander
request demande
soon prochainement
soon bientot
olympic olympic
olympic olympique
olympic olympiques
sold vendues
sold vendus
sold vendue
sold vendu
competition concurrence
competition concours
campaign campagne
org org
length longueur
length longueurs
redirect rediriger
words mots
producer producteur
producer productrice
producer producteurs
notes remarques
notes notes
hockey hockey
code code
referee arbitres
referee arbitrer
referee arbitre
van camionnette
van fourgonnette
van fourgon
van van
mary marie
mary mary
mary myriam
irish irlandaise
irish irlandais
child enfant
foreign etranger
register enregistrer
register enregistrez
register registre
eight huit
native autochtone
coverage couverture
channel canal
username identifiant
username pseudo
edition edition
minor mineures
minor mineure
minor mineur
says dit
foundation fondement
ice glace
simply simplement
student etudiant
previously auparavant
complete complet
test essai
governor gouverneure
governor gouverneur
parts parties
vocals chant
vocals voix
account compte
computer ordinateurs
computer ordinateur
none aucun
carolina caroline
carolina carolina
tournament tournois
tournament tournoi
poland pologne
winning gagnante
winning gagner
winning gagnant
taking prendre
taking prenant
mountain montagne
mountain montagnes
angeles angeles
editing montage
food alimentaire
food nourriture
food alimentation
try essaie
try essayez
try essayer
try essaye
woman femme
officer officier
true vrais
true true
true vraie
true vrai
required requis
regular ordinaire
commercial commercial
commercial commerciaux
commercial commerciales
commercial commerciale
cities villes
contains contient
sun soleil
finished fini
prior prieur
seasons saisons
journal revue
journal journal
beginning commencement
martin martine
rural rurales
rural ruraux